[Issue 7372][docs] Add detailed info for retention policy (#8397)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/cookbooks-retention-expiry.md

## Retention policies

By default, when a Pulsar message arrives at a broker, the message is stored until it has been acknowledged on all subscriptions, at which point it is marked for deletion. You can override this behavior and retain messages that have already been acknowledged on all subscriptions by setting a *retention policy* for all topics in a given namespace. Retention is based on both a *size limit* and a *time limit*.

Retention policies are useful when you use the Reader interface. The Reader interface does not use acknowledgements, and messages do not exist within backlogs. It is required to configure retention for Reader-only use cases.

When you set a retention policy, you must set **both** a *size limit* and a *time limit*. 

- If you do not want to limit the message by time, set the value of time limit to `-1`.
- If you do not want to limit the message by size, set the value of size limit to `-1`.
- If you need infinite retention, set the values of time limit and size limit to `-1`.
- If you want to disable retention policy, set the values of time limit and size limit to `0`. Retention policy is disabled by default.

> When you set a size limit of, for example, 10 gigabytes, and set the time limit to `-1`, then the acknowledged messages in all topics in the namespace are retained until the topic size reaches the size limit(10 gigabytes). If you set a time limit of, for example, 1 day, and set the size limit to `-1`, then the acknowledged messages for all topics in the namespace are retained for 1 day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set a size limit of, for example, 10 GB, and set the time limit to `-1`, then the acknowledged messages in all topics in the namespace are retained until the topic size reaches the size limit (10 GB). If you set a time limit of, for example, 1 day, and set the size limit to `-1`, then the acknowledged messages for all topics in the namespace are retained for 1 day.
```

> The retention settings apply to all messages on topics that do not have any subscriptions, or to messages that have been acked by all subscriptions. The retention policy settings do not affect unacknowledged messages on topics with subscriptions. The unacknowledged messages are controlled by the backlog quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The retention settings apply to all messages on topics that do not have any subscriptions, or to messages that have been acknowledged by all subscriptions. The retention policy settings do not affect unacknowledged messages on topics with subscriptions. The unacknowledged messages are controlled by the backlog quota.
```

When a retention limit is exceeded, the oldest message is marked for deletion until the set of retained messages falls within the specified limits again.

### Defaults

> You can use the following two configuration parameters to set instance-wide defaults for message retention: `defaultRetentionTimeInMinutes` and `defaultRetentionSizeInMB`. Both parameters are set to `0` by default. 

Reviewer: change instance-wide to instance-level?

For more information of the two parameters, refer to the [`broker.conf`](reference-configuration.md#broker) configuration file.

### Set retention policy

You can set a retention policy for a namespace by specifying the namespace, a size limit and a time limit in `pulsar-admin`, REST API and Java.

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--pulsar-admin-->
You can use the [`set-retention`](reference-pulsar-admin.md#namespaces-set-retention) subcommand and specify a namespace, a size limit using the `-s`/`--size` flag, and a time limit using the `-t`/`--time` flag. 

> In the following example, size limit is set to 10 gigabytes and time limit is set to 3 hours for the `my-tenant/my-ns` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the size limit is set to 10 GB and time limit is set to 3 hours for the `my-tenant/my-ns` namespace:
```

```shell
$ pulsar-admin namespaces set-retention my-tenant/my-ns \
  --size 10G \
  --time 3h
```

> In the following example, time is not limited and size limit is set to 1 terabyte. The size limit determines the retention result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the time is not limited while the size limit is set to 1 TB. The size limit determines the retention result.
```

```shell
$ pulsar-admin namespaces set-retention my-tenant/my-ns \
  --size 1T \
  --time -1
```

> In the following example, size is not limited and time limit is set to 3 hours. The time limit determines the retention result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the size is not limited and the time limit is set to 3 hours. The time limit determines the retention result.
```
